Cloning Rules & Physics
		Clones and Items: While recording, items collected by Lou are added to his inventory. Health recovered is retained after
						  recording. Clones themselves have no relationship to items or health.
		Cloning and location: After a recording is ended by the player or by time elapsed, Lou will disappear and respawn
							  in the location he was before the record key was hit for that particular clone.
		Clone Recording Time: up to and including 5 seconds by default; 
						      up to and including 10 seconds if Lou has learned Dosidy-Doe.
		Cloning while idle: Lou is pushed up to stand on top of the clone.
		Collision with respect to Lou: Clone(s) are solid if Lou is above them. Otherwise, they act as pass-through platforms.
									   This will enable the player to build "clone ladders," and to navigate narrow vertical areas
									   without unnecessary frustration.
		Collision with respect to other level elements: Clones have  no collision with other level elements. However,
														certain level elements still react to clones as though they are Lou.
														For example, if a clone uses Heavity-Ho on a crate, the crate will
														move as though it was Lou using Heavity-Ho. Enemy AI do not react
														to clones.
		Damage while recording: Lou can take damage while recording, and his health is not restored after recording is finished.
		Death: If Lou dies while recording a clone, he simply resets to where he was before he began recording. The recording is
			   canceled and cloning is considered a failed process. Clones successfully recorded are persistent through death, 
			   unless Game Over is triggered, in which case clones are destroyed.
		Destroying Clones: Clones can only be destroyed by the player by recording a new clone over the particular one, or by undoing
						   a recording. Clones cannot take damage and cannot be destroyed by any entity other than the player.
		Gravity for Clones: None
		World: Clones are persistent throughout all levels. That is, if Lou records and leaves a clone in Level A, he can
			   can go to Level Z and the clone will still be in Level A until replaced. This will set up cross-level
			   puzzle-solving.		